widgets are classes used to build UIs

widgets are used for both layouts  and Ui elements


compose simple widgets to build complex widgets


In Flutter, a layout refers to how widgets are arranged and displayed on the screen. The term encompasses the process of organizing and 
positioning various UI elements (widgets) to create a cohesive and functional user interface.
The core of Flutter's layout mechanism is widgets. In Flutter, almost everything is a widget—even layout models are widgets. The images, icons, and text that you see in a Flutter app are all widgets. But things you don't see are also widgets, such as the rows, columns, and grids that arrange, constrain, and align the visible widgets.

You create a layout by composing widgets to build more complex widgets. For example, the first screenshot below shows 3 icons with a label under each one:

/*
In Flutter, layout models refer to the various approaches and principles used to arrange and size widgets within a user interface. They are essentially the strategies and rules that dictate how widgets are positioned and sized on the screen. Here are some common layout models in Flutter:

1. Single Child Layout Models
These models deal with widgets that have a single child. Some examples include:

Container: A versatile widget that can contain a single child and apply padding, margin, alignment, and constraints.
Center: Centers its single child within itself.
Align: Aligns its single child within itself based on alignment properties.
Padding: Adds padding around its single child.
2. Multi-Child Layout Models
These models deal with widgets that have multiple children. Some examples include:

Row: Arranges its children horizontally.
Column: Arranges its children vertically.
Stack: Overlaps its children, allowing for complex positioning.
ListView: Displays its children in a scrollable list, either vertically or horizontally.
GridView: Displays its children in a scrollable, 2D array of widgets.
3. Flexible Layout Models
These models allow for dynamic sizing and positioning of widgets based on available space and flex properties:

Expanded: A widget that expands a child of a Row, Column, or Flex to fill the available space along the main axis.
Flexible: A widget that controls how a child of a Row, Column, or Flex flexes.
Spacer: A widget that takes up space proportional to its flex value within a Row, Column, or Flex.
4. Custom Layout Models
Flutter allows you to create custom layouts by extending certain classes and implementing their methods to control the layout behavior:

CustomSingleChildLayout: A widget that defers the layout of its single child to a delegate.
CustomMultiChildLayout: A widget that uses a delegate to position and size multiple children.
*/